README.md, before:

- 👋 Hi, I’m Chris @Krisskii and I am a 25 year old student who is also self teaching himself programming.

I really enjoy web development and would be looking to land my first job within this field where I could start working on
real life projects.

I have studied IT in College however did not proceed with it at the time, I was unsure of what I wanted to do with my life.
Throughout the years I have on and off came back to coding, especially websites as it was something that really brought me joy and
I could do it for hours a day. I am looking for a pathway that could get me back on track with my programming skills, whether that 
is an internship, apprenticeship or a junior position.

I am passionate about brand marketing and I like to pay close attention to the details across all the potential platforms a company can use,
including website development.

I have recently graduataed from QA Data Engineering Course that has also helped me a lot in catching up with the latest cloud technology using Microsoft
Azure as the provider, as well as start my coding experience in Python and MySQL.

If you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask.\ k.manikowski@outlook.com

Commit message:

Update to read me
Information about me for recruiters.

README.md, after:

👋 Hi, I’m Chris @Krisskii and I am a 25 year old student who is also self teaching himself programming.

I have recently finished a dedicated Data Engineering bootcamp provided by an English company QA. 
The bootcamp was focused on active exercises based on: 
  - Microsoft Azure
  - Python
  - MySQL
  - PowerBI
  - Fundamental knowledge of Machine learning using Microsoft Azure

The course has been suplemented with Microsoft DP-900 certification that I have passed.

Apart from that I am currently self teaching myself Python to further develop my skills, with the help of Youtube and Udemy I am slowly creating more and more projects that you can find in the portfolio. 
I am an IT High school graduate and I have the fundamental mindset from school of a 'can do' approach. I have previously had experience in building responsive websites using HTML, CSS and jQuery.

I enjoy both the front and back end of software development and would like to further develop my skills to progress into a junior developer position in the near future.

If you have any questions you can find me on:

GitHub: https://github.com/Krisskii
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/k-manikowski/
Email: k.manikowski@outlook.com
Tel: +48 572 138 137
     +44 7878964285
